Google Generative AI: Add a clarification on the google_generative_ai_conversation.generate_content (#32827)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_generative_ai_conversation.markdown

### Service `google_generative_ai_conversation.generate_content`

> NOTE: this service isn't tied to any config entry so it won't use the model, prompt or any of the other settings in your options. If you only want to pass text you should use the `conversation.process` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class='note info'>

  This service isn't tied to any integration entry, so it won't use the model, prompt, or any of the other settings in your options. If you only want to pass text, you should use the `conversation.process` service.
  
</div>
```
